fix: test refactoring & change RPC names (#369)
blockchain-lab-um/masca: packages/docs/docs/tutorial/rpc-methods.md

`createCredential` creates a VC from the payload. `proofFormat` can be selected, and the created VC can be optionally stored in the snap.

> **Methods `did:pkh` and `did:ethr` will return unsigned credential!** They need to be signed manually on dApp, as making signatures with Ethereum addresses is not possible in Masca. Here is an [example](https://github.com/blockchain-lab-um/masca/blob/bf00dbf4a4deb8882f76a293ffc565501d5dc2f9/packages/connector/src/utils.ts#L113-L170) of how we handle this in Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Methods `did:pkh` and `did:ethr` will return an unsigned credential!** that needs to be signed manually on the dApp, as making signatures with Ethereum addresses is not possible in Masca. Here is an [example](https://github.com/blockchain-lab-um/masca/blob/bf00dbf4a4deb8882f76a293ffc565501d5dc2f9/packages/connector/src/utils.ts#L113-L170) of how we handle this in Connector.
```

`holder` of the VP will be a DID generated based on the currently selected MetaMask account **AND** the currently set DID Method.

> **Methods `did:pkh` and `did:ethr` will return unsigned presentation!** They need to be signed manually on dApp, as making signatures with Ethereum addresses is not possible in Masca. Here is an [example](https://github.com/blockchain-lab-um/masca/blob/bf00dbf4a4deb8882f76a293ffc565501d5dc2f9/packages/connector/src/utils.ts#L62C1-L111) of how we handle this in Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Methods `did:pkh` and `did:ethr` will return an unsigned presentation!** that needs to be signed manually on the dApp, as making signatures with Ethereum addresses is not possible in Masca. Here is an [example](https://github.com/blockchain-lab-um/masca/blob/bf00dbf4a4deb8882f76a293ffc565501d5dc2f9/packages/connector/src/utils.ts#L62C1-L111) of how we handle this in Connector.
```
